Fix/2759 1.x query api (#2841)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.0/reference/api/influxdb-1x/_index.md

- **password**: 1.x password or InfluxDB authentication token.

{{% note %}}
#### Password or Token
{{% api/v1-compat/oss/password-or-token %}}
{{% /note %}}

For information about creating and managing 1.x-compatible authorizations, see:

- [`influx v1 auth` command](/influxdb/v2.0/reference/cli/influx/v1/auth/)
- [Manually upgrade – 1.x-compatible authorizations](/influxdb/v2.0/upgrade/v1-to-v2/manual-upgrade/#1x-compatible-authorizations)

#### Basic authentication

Use Basic authentication to provide username and password credentials to InfluxDB.

{{% api/v1-compat/basic-auth-syntax %}}

##### Syntax
```sh
Authorization: Basic <username>:<password>
```

##### Example

{{< code-tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[curl](#curl)
[Node.js](#nodejs)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```sh
{{% get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/basic-auth.sh" %}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```js
{{% get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/basic-auth.js" %}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}

#### Query string authentication
Use InfluxDB 1.x API parameters to provide credentials through the query string.

{{% note %}}

> ##### Using query string parameters
> 
> * URL-encode query parameters that may contain whitespace or other special characters.
> 
> * Be aware of the <a href="https://owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/Information_exposure_through_query_strings_in_url">risks</a> when exposing sensitive data through URLs.
> {{% /note %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Consider when using query string parameters

- URL-encode query parameters that may contain whitespace or other special characters.
- Be aware of the [risks](https://owasp.org/www-community/vulnerabilities/Information_exposure_through_query_strings_in_url) when exposing sensitive data through URLs.
{{% /note %}}
```

##### Syntax

```sh
 /query/?u=<username>&p=<password>
 /write/?u=<username>&p=<password>
 ```

##### Example

{{% code-tabs-wrapper %}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[curl](#curl)
[Node.js](#nodejs)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```sh
{{< get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/querystring-auth.sh" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```js
{{< get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/querystring-auth.js" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}

> {{% /code-tabs-wrapper %}}

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
{{< code-tabs-wrapper >}}
{{% code-tabs %}}
[curl](#curl)
[Node.js](#nodejs)
{{% /code-tabs %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```sh
{{< get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/querystring-auth.sh" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{% code-tab-content %}}
```js
{{< get-assets-text "api/v1-compat/auth/oss/querystring-auth.js" >}}
```
{{% /code-tab-content %}}
{{< /code-tabs-wrapper >}}
~~~

Author: Arrgggh... thought I got them all.
